"I had no idea that my son needed to use his hands and be outside, I thought it was just a summer job thing, this makes a lot of sense"
Amy
"He was fighting us at every turn, I guess he just needed to hear about his strengths from someone else because now he is motivated!"
Kim M

Valery

Jenny O
"Now I see that my agenda was at play and you're right, my goal was to see my son happy and confident and that has happened"
Darcy A
"The mess in the house is unbelievable and I can't keep up, now I know that she can leave her room a mess but not the rest of the house. This was eye opening and now I know when she's in her zone, she is making messes, as frustrating as that is..."
Dawn B

Lisa
"Our family was struggling to see the good in each other, this process has taught us what we can and cannot control, we've learned to go with the flow a little bit more and it's nice"
Kim

John
"I was wondering why my employee was doing that? Now it makes sense and when our results are clear, I don't care how she does it, just that it gets done"
Christy E

Robin
"Honestly, every kid NEEDS TO KNOW THIS about themselves, it's like a blueprint!"
Dana B
After my boys, 14 and 16 worked with Gail and they got their flash cards (which they always look at), I knew their natural differences. Their confidence increased as did the awareness that everyone in the family has unique strengths"
Susan
"Loved the program and information provided-easy, informative info to understand and follow. For my son, the program gave him a sense of how to handle life more effectively. For my wife and myself, it provided many answers to better support him in his life"
Gary H
"I love Gail Swift! She has helped me and my family to understand how we operate and has improved our communication and connection! She is one of the best coaches I've ever worked with, thank you Gail"
Courtney L.
"Hearing Gail Speak connected me to my superpowers. Helped me finally realize how much more comfortable it is to flow in my natural abilities in both my personal and professional life"
Vanessa
"I'd say knowing how I work has given me permission to go back to doing the things that are natural for me instead of trying to fit into the box others have said I should be in. It makes me feel even more powerful that I was just stepping into the confidence that this IS the way I am and thrive this way."
Colette M.
"I was afraid of my daughter switching majors. After she worked with Gail, I found out she switched majors to her career with the HIGHEST rate of sustained success"
Denise P
"Finally, this gets me, now I know why I do what I do, can my wife and boss see this?
John B

Desiree
"I was like, why am I paying her this amount of money...and then I saw the results with my daughter. No program has had that kind of impact on her"
Mark B
"This has been so helpful to see how the whole family works, puts a name to some of the craziness I didn't understand"
Kim C
"OH my goodness, this is ok? I mean, I've been trying NOT to be this way for years and it's been stressing me out and now you're saying it's ok?"
Christy E.
"Honestly Gail, your passion is what did it for me, along with the results my wife and daughter got working with you, freedom in your lane is no joke."
Korey G
"For years I have been trying to make this natural strength different because of family members, I've stopped the cycle with my daughter, it ends here"
Sarah H
"We were about to take our son to see the Dr. because we thought something was wrong with him, thank you for helping us see his strengths and teach us how to go with his grain instead of our way."
Christine H
"I've always known my way in school wasn't celebrated or encouraged, that's why I teach, to help kids like me."
Amy S
"OK, now this explains the endless questions from my daughter, she needs to know the details and I don't, she's not trying to drive me crazy, it's just what she needs."
Sharice L
"OK Gail, I have my daughter on the phone with us and based on how she works, how would you suggest she decide which college to go to?"
Arla L
"Wow, this is the missing link for teachers, if every teacher had this about their students, the world would be a better place."
Kimberly S
"It wasn't natural for me to come up with ways to encourage my kids because they are so different from me, our relationship was most important and that's what we have back."
Heather O
"From the lunch and learn for real estate agents to our family, you have helped us know our lane and build confidence in how we work, thank you"
Dale S
"My son was debating on his path and you helped him see what kind of lawyer he would be great at, that's exactly what he's in school for, thank you"
Sharon R