"I had no idea that my son needed to use his hands and be outside, I thought it was just a summer job thing, this makes a lot of sense"
Amy
"He was fighting us at every turn, I guess he just needed to hear about his strengths from someone else because now he is motivated!"
Kim M

Valery

Jenny O
"Now I see that my agenda was at play and you're right, my goal was to see my son happy and confident and that has happened"
Darcy A
"The mess in the house is unbelievable and I can't keep up, now I know that she can leave her room a mess but not the rest of the house. This was eye opening and now I know when she's in her zone, she is making messes, as frustrating as that is..."
Dawn B

Lisa
"Our family was struggling to see the good in each other, this process has taught us what we can and cannot control, we've learned to go with the flow a little bit more and it's nice"
Kim

John
"I was wondering why my employee was doing that? Now it makes sense and when our results are clear, I don't care how she does it, just that it gets done"
Christy E

Robin
"Honestly, every kid NEEDS TO KNOW THIS about themselves, it's like a blueprint!"
Dana B
After my boys, 14 and 16 worked with Gail and they got their flash cards (which they always look at), I knew their natural differences. Their confidence increased as did the awareness that everyone in the family has unique strengths"
Susan
"Loved the program and information provided-easy, informative info to understand and follow. For my son, the program gave him a sense of how to handle life more effectively. For my wife and myself, it provided many answers to better support him in his life"
Gary H
"I love Gail Swift! She has helped me and my family to understand how we operate and has improved our communication and connection! She is one of the best coaches I've ever worked with, thank you Gail"
Courtney L.
"Hearing Gail Speak connected me to my superpowers. Helped me finally realize how much more comfortable it is to flow in my natural abilities in both my personal and professional life"
Vanessa